# United-States-Consumer-Complaints-Analysis

The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau works to hold financial institutions accountable in matters related to financial products & services provided by them and manages a database which is a collection of complaints about consumers’ issues with the utilities provided to them by particular companies.
In recent times, the number of complaints is increasing at alarming levels as the purchasing capacity for financial products and services is increasing for the residents of the USA. It is predicted that because of the rise in awareness among people about such a platform where their voice can be heard, there will be a rise in the number of complaints.
Complaints give a better understanding of the problems faced by common people in several products and services offered by companies, helps in enforcing the laws and inform the consumers to take financial decisions only on being well informed. Also, this platform is made available to encourage impartiality and honesty in various financial services and products.

This complaints database is a rich source for the financial analysts and the companies looking for the trends about customer complaints. Thus, the target audience for this analysis is the customers, financial analysts and the financial institutions. This can be helpful for the customers in determining which product is leading to the maximum complaints against a particular company and will help the customer to invest in companies who are performing better than others. Financial analysts look for the trends of the complaints and give advice to the financial institutions regarding the reasons for the complaints and the steps that should be taken to increase customer satisfaction which is the main motive of the companies.
